README.md, before:

# A Car Control Menu for QBCore Framework

## Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7tLcf5Q5WE


## Screenshots
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412694736580668/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_5_56_02_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412695529291816/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_5_56_23_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919413194823462952/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_12_25_49_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412736843190303/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_6_17_31_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412697622249572/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_10_05_16_AM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412696196198430/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_10_26_37_AM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412698394005594/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_6_16_46_PM.png


## Please note

- I have added an option for people use a qb-menu styled car control menu, Wanted to try and implement new items in the qb-menu section of things out there..

- Please make sure you use the latest qb-core & qb-menu in order for this to work.

- This Script was tested on the latest build as of 12/11/2021.


## Dependencies :

QBCore Framework - https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-core

qb-menu - https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-menu 

qb-radialmenu - https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-radialmenu


## Credits : 

- `Kakarot` for qb-menu, qb-core framework
- `Pawsative` for Neon Light Function Natives

## Soon To Come | Planned Updates

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Next Version To Be Released - 

`Version 1.1.1 is Here ™️`

*Added in 1.1.0* a `Vehicle Seat Check` to Display Proper Seat, Windows, and Doors Menus for 2 Door & 4 Doors Vehicles

*Added in 1.1.0* `Job Lock` function to Livery Menu 

*Added in 1.1.0* `Neon Light Menu` to toggle on/off your neon light kit must be installed for it to work. (Notifies if no lights are installed.)

*Added in 1.1.0* `Livery Menu` section for PD/EMS/Mechanic Livery Selection in the New Livery Menu

*NEW* Added `PD Only Turbo Checks` Job Locked and set to help for pd immersion. (will build more onto this. Animations and other things in a new resource)

*NEW* Added `Constant Menu` Menus now stay up or revert to main menu if singular selections are made i.e, Neon, Livery Menu, Turbo Check

`Still Need to Finish this for 1.2 Release`

*Working* on Adding Vehicle Extras Menu - Switch On/Off Vehicle Extras (Will be released in 1.1.x)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`Known Bugs`

Job Check system is being fine tuned, wanting to add proper success & error functions - Working to resolve this

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Plans to be added in next update - 
`Will Add Extras Menu Built In`
`Will Add Vehicle Examination For Mechanics (future plans)`
`Will Look into Adding Examination for PD as well to see if vehicle is modified for racing - i.e, *Nos, *Tuner Chip, !Tuning Levels (*Future Plan !Separate Resource)`

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## If you want to combine it in to an already made resource like qb-smallresources just rename "main.lua" to "cl_carcontrol.lua" and add make sure to add it in--> @qb-smallresources --> client / update as well as update the fxmanifest of qb-smallresources, if you do this.

`To add qb-carcontrol in to your Radial Menu, open qb-radialmenu/config.lua file and (Add+) this snippet below into the config file under the vehicle section. It will open the qb-carcontrol menu while you are in a vehicle. `

```
       	   {
                id = 'vehiclemenu',
                title = 'Car Control',
                icon = 'bars',
                type = 'client',
                event = 'ccvehmenu:client:openMenu',
                shouldClose = true
            }
```
`Place the above snippet inside this radialmenu section titled "vehicle" [3] = {`

``` 
    [3] = {
        id = 'vehicle',
        title = 'Vehicle',
        icon = 'car',
        items = {
        {
    }
``` 
            
`should line up in the config section right above selection #4 inside the qb-radialmenu/config, this will add it to the correct vehicle section #3`    
            
``` 
    [4] = {
        id = 'jobinteractions',
        title = 'Work',
        icon = 'briefcase',
        items = {}
    }
```

Commit message:

v1.2 Now with Veh Extras Added
Added Vehicle Extras Menu, You will still have to repair after adding extras for them to populate.

README.md, after:

# A Car Control Menu for QBCore Framework

## Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7tLcf5Q5WE


## Screenshots
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412694736580668/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_5_56_02_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412695529291816/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_5_56_23_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919413194823462952/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_12_25_49_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412736843190303/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_6_17_31_PM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412697622249572/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_10_05_16_AM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412696196198430/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_10_26_37_AM.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730702655294275685/919412698394005594/FiveM_-_N1GHTM4R3_Dev_12_11_2021_6_16_46_PM.png


## Please note

- I have added an option for people use a qb-menu styled car control menu, Wanted to try and implement new items in the qb-menu section of things out there..

- Please make sure you use the latest qb-core & qb-menu in order for this to work.

- This Script was tested on the latest build as of 12/11/2021.


## Dependencies :

QBCore Framework - https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-core

qb-menu - https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-menu 

qb-radialmenu - https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-radialmenu


## Credits : 

- `Kakarot` for qb-menu, qb-core framework
- `Pawsative` for Neon Light Function Natives

## Soon To Come | Planned Updates

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Next Version To Be Released - 

`Version 1.2 is Here ™️`

*Added in 1.2* a `Vehicle Extras Menu` to add or remove vehicle extras from pd, ems, and civilian cars.

*Added in 1.1.0* a `Vehicle Seat Check` to Display Proper Seat, Windows, and Doors Menus for 2 Door & 4 Doors Vehicles

*Added in 1.1.0* `Job Lock` function to Livery Menu 

*Added in 1.1.0* `Neon Light Menu` to toggle on/off your neon light kit must be installed for it to work. (Notifies if no lights are installed.)

*Added in 1.1.0* `Livery Menu` section for PD/EMS/Mechanic Livery Selection in the New Livery Menu

*NEW* Added `PD Only Turbo Checks` Job Locked and set to help for pd immersion. (will build more onto this. Animations and other things in a new resource)

*NEW* Added `Constant Menu` Menus now stay up or revert to main menu if singular selections are made i.e, Neon, Livery Menu, Turbo Check

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

`Known Bugs`

Job Check system is being fine tuned, wanting to add proper success & error functions - Working to resolve this

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Plans to be added in next update - 
`Will Add Vehicle Examination For Mechanics (future plans)`
`Will Look into Adding Examination for PD as well to see if vehicle is modified for racing - i.e, *Nos, *Tuner Chip, !Tuning Levels (*Future Plan !Separate Resource)`

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## If you want to combine it in to an already made resource like qb-smallresources just rename "main.lua" to "cl_carcontrol.lua" and add make sure to add it in--> @qb-smallresources --> client / update as well as update the fxmanifest of qb-smallresources, if you do this.

`To add qb-carcontrol in to your Radial Menu, open qb-radialmenu/config.lua file and (Add+) this snippet below into the config file under the vehicle section. It will open the qb-carcontrol menu while you are in a vehicle. `

```
       	   {
                id = 'vehiclemenu',
                title = 'Car Control',
                icon = 'bars',
                type = 'client',
                event = 'ccvehmenu:client:openMenu',
                shouldClose = true
            }
```
`Place the above snippet inside this radialmenu section titled "vehicle" [3] = {`

``` 
    [3] = {
        id = 'vehicle',
        title = 'Vehicle',
        icon = 'car',
        items = {
        {
    }
``` 
            
`should line up in the config section right above selection #4 inside the qb-radialmenu/config, this will add it to the correct vehicle section #3`    
            
``` 
    [4] = {
        id = 'jobinteractions',
        title = 'Work',
        icon = 'briefcase',
        items = {}
    }
```
